README.md, before:

# task-utils v4.0.7

Utilities for defining task states, creating task and sub-task definitions, creating tasks (and their sub-tasks) from these definitions and managing tasks on a tasks-by-name map object.

These modules provide a way to attach tasks to objects that can be executed and used to track the state and number of attempts at each task.

Tasks are root/top-level, executable tasks (with a configurable execute function), whereas sub-tasks are internal, non-executable tasks whose states must be managed completely by the execute function of their root task.

Currently includes:
- task-states.js 
  - A TaskState class and its subclasses with static utilities for defining the state of a task or operation.
- task-defs.js 
  - A TaskDef class with static utilities for creating task definitions and sub-task definitions, which can be used to 
    define new executable tasks and non-executable sub-tasks.
- tasks.js 
  - A Task class with static utilities for creating executable tasks and non-executable sub-tasks that can be used to 
    track the state of tasks or operations.
- task-utils.js 
    - Utilities for accessing and managing tasks and sub-tasks stored in a "tasks-by-name" map object

This module is exported as a [Node.js](https://nodejs.org/) module.

## Installation

Using npm:
```bash
$ {sudo -H} npm i -g npm
$ npm i --save task-utils
```

In Node.js:

* To use the task state classes and subclasses
```js
const states = require('task-utils/task-states');

// TaskState constructor
const TaskState = states.TaskState;
// TimeoutError constructor
const TimeoutError = states.TimeoutError;

// TaskState direct subclasses
const Unstarted = states.Unstarted; // rather use TaskState.UNSTARTED singleton
const CompletedState = states.CompletedState;
const TimedOutState = states.TimedOutState;
const FailedState = states.FailedState;
const RejectedState = states.RejectedState;

// CompletedState subclasses
const Completed = states.Completed; // rather use TaskState.COMPLETED singleton
const Succeeded = states.Succeeded; // rather use TaskState.SUCCEEDED singleton

// TimedOutState subclasses
const TimedOut = states.TimedOut;

// FailedState subclasses
const Failed = states.Failed;

// RejectedState subclasses
const Rejected = states.Rejected;
const Discarded = states.Discarded;
const Abandoned = states.Abandoned;

// Example unstarted state
const unstarted = TaskState.UNSTARTED; // or more wasteful: new Unstarted();

// Example completed states
const completed = TaskState.COMPLETED; // or more wasteful: new Completed();
const succeeded = TaskState.SUCCEEDED; // or more wasteful: new Succeeded();

const customCompletedState = new CompletedState('MyCompletedState');

// Example timed out states
const timedOut = new TimedOut();
const timedOut2 = new TimedOut(new Error('My optional error that triggered timeout ...'));

const customTimedOutState = new TimedOutState('MyTimedOutState');
const customTimedOutState2 = new TimedOutState('MyTimedOutState', new TimeoutError('My optional error that triggered timeout ...'));

// Example failure states
const failed = new Failed(new Error('Another error'));

const customFailedState = new FailedState('MyFailedState', new Error('Kaboom'));

// Example rejection states
const rejected = new Rejected('My reason for rejecting', new Error('My optional error that triggered reject ...'));
const discarded = new Discarded('My reason for discarding');
const abandoned = new Abandoned('My reason for abandoning');

const customRejectedState = new RejectedState('MyRejectionState', 'My reason for rejecting', new Error('My optional error'));
```

* To use the task definition class (TaskDef)
```js
const taskDefs = require('task-utils/tasks-defs');
const TaskDef = taskDefs.TaskDef;

// To create a new top-level task definition
const taskADef = TaskDef.defineTask('TaskA', execute);

// ... with 3 sub-task definitions
const subTaskA1Def = taskADef.defineSubTask('SubTaskA1', execute2);
const subTaskDefs = taskADef.defineSubTasks(['SubTaskA2', 'SubTaskA3']);

// ... and with 1 sub-sub-task on SubTaskA1
const subSubTaskA1aDef = subTaskA1Def.defineSubTask('SubSubTaskA1a');
```

* To use the task class (Task)
```js
const Tasks = require('task-utils/tasks');
const Task = Tasks.Task;

// To create a new task (and any & all of its sub-tasks)
// e.g. using task definition taskADef as defined above, this would create a new task (named TaskA) 
// with 3 new sub-tasks (named SubTaskA1, SubTaskA2 & SubTaskA3) under the new task  
// and 1 new sub-sub-task (named SubSubTaskA1a) under sub-task SubTaskA1
const taskA = Task.createTask(taskADef);
```

* To use the task utilities
```js
const taskUtils = require('task-utils/task-utils');

const tasksByName = {}; // or any object to which you are attaching tasks

// To set a task into a tasks-by-name map object
taskUtils.setTask(tasksByName, 'TaskA', taskA);

// To get a task from a tasks-by-name map object
const tA = taskUtils.getTask(tasksByName, 'TaskA');

// To get a sub-task from a tasks-by-name map object
const subTaskA3 = taskUtils.getSubTask(tasksByName, 'TaskA', 'SubTaskA3');

// To get a sub-sub-task from a tasks-by-name map object
const subSubTaskA1a = taskUtils.getSubTask(tasksByName, 'TaskA', ['SubTaskA1', 'SubSubTaskA1a']);

// To get all (top-level) tasks from a tasks-by-name map object
const tasks = taskUtils.getTasks(tasksByName);

// To get all tasks and all of their sub-tasks recursively from a tasks-by-name map object
const tasksAndSubTasks = taskUtils.getTasksAndSubTasks(tasksByName);
```

## Unit tests
This module's unit tests were developed with and must be run with [tape](https://www.npmjs.com/package/tape). The unit tests have been tested on [Node.js v4.3.2](https://nodejs.org/en/blog/release/v4.3.2/).  

Install tape globally if you want to run multiple tests at once:
```bash
$ npm install tape -g
```

Run all unit tests with:
```bash
$ npm test
```
or with tape:
```bash
$ tape test/*.js
```

See the [package source](https://github.com/byron-dupreez/task-utils) for more details.

## Changes

### 4.0.7
- Changes to `task-defs` and `tasks` modules:
  - Removed restrictions that prevented creation of executable sub-task definitions and sub-tasks
  - Added `start` method to `Task` class
  - Changed `defaultTaskExecuteFactory` function to NOT recursively increment & update last executed at date-times of sub-tasks
  - Moved all typedefs to `type-defs.js`
- Updated `core-functions` dependency to version 2.0.14

### 4.0.6
- Updated `core-functions` dependency to version 2.0.12

### 4.0.5
- Changes to `task-utils.js` module to simplify usage and reduce the number of explicit imports required:
  - Re-exported `TaskState` class and all of its subclasses and `TimeoutError` class from `task-states.js` module
  - Re-exported `TaskDef` class from `task-defs.js` module
  - Re-exported `Task` class from `tasks.js` module
- Updated comments and README.md to improve/fix the definitions of each of the modules
- Changed `main` module from `tasks.js` to `task-utils.js` in `package.json`

### 4.0.4
- Updated `core-functions` dependency to version 2.0.11

### 4.0.3
- Fixed 'ReferenceError: trim is not defined' defect in `TimeoutError` constructor in `task-states.js` module

### 4.0.2
- Changes to `tasks.js` module:
  - Added an optional `overrideTimedOut` argument to the `complete`, `succeed` and `completeAs` methods to enable the 
    caller to decide whether these methods are allowed to override an existing timed out state or not
  - Added an optional `overrideCompleted` argument to the `timeout` and `timeoutAs` methods to enable the caller to 
    decide whether these methods are allowed to override an existing completed state or not

### 4.0.1
- Fixed defect in this `README.md`

### 4.0.0
- Added support for timeouts to `TaskState` and `Task` classes and cleaned-up their APIs
- Changes to `task-states` module:
  - Added a new `TimeoutError` subclass of `Error`
  - Changes to `TaskStateLike` and `TaskState` typedefs:
    - Renamed `code` property to `name`
    - Added new `timedOut` property
  - Changes to `TaskState` class:
    - Renamed `code` property to `name`
    - Changed all properties to private properties with underscore-prefixed names and with public `get` property accessors 
      with their original names, e.g. old `completed` property was renamed to `_completed` with a `get completed()` accessor 
    - Added a new private `_timedOut` property with a public `get timedOut()` accessor
    - Added a `toJSON` method to output the private, underscore-prefixed properties with their public property names
    - Removed `isSuccess`, `isFailure` and `isRejection` methods
    - Changed `TaskState` constructor to accept a new `timedOut` argument
    - Renamed `Success` subclass to `CompletedState`
    - Added a new `Completed` subclass of the `CompletedState` class
    - Added a new `TimedOutState` subclass 
    - Added a new `TimedOut` subclass of the `TimedOutState` class
    - Renamed `Failure` subclass to `FailedState`
    - Renamed `Rejection` subclass to `RejectedState`
    - Added a new singleton `Completed` state instance as static `COMPLETED` property
    - Added new `COMPLETED_NAME` and `TIMED_OUT_NAME` static constant properties for new state names
- Changes to `tasks` module:
  - Added new get `timedOut` property
  - Removed `isSuccess` and `isFailure` methods
  - Added new `complete`, `timeout`, `timeoutAs` and `rejectAs` methods
  - Renamed `success` method to `completeAs`
  - Renamed `failure` method to `failAs`
  - Added new optional `recursively` argument to `complete`, `succeed`, `completeAs`, `timeout`, `timeoutAs`, `fail`, 
   `failAs` and `rejectedAs` methods
- Updated `core-functions` dependency to version 2.0.10

### 3.0.5
- Updated `core-functions` dependency to version 2.0.9

### 3.0.4
- Updated `core-functions` dependency to version 2.0.8

### 3.0.3
- Updated `core-functions` dependency to version 2.0.7
- Updated `tape` dependency to 4.6.3

### 3.0.2
- Changes to `tasks.js` module:
  - Changed logic to support tracking the last executed at date-time on a task and task-like
  - Added `_lastExecutedAt` property and `lastExecutedAt` getter
  - Added `updateLastExecutedAt` function to update the last executed at date-time on a task and on its sub-tasks (if 
    recursively is true) and on its slave tasks (if its a master task)

### 3.0.1
- Changes to `tasks.js` module:
  - Renamed `wrapExecuteTask` function to `defaultTaskExecuteFactory`
  - Added `_frozen` and `_error` properties to Task class
  - Added get `error` method to Task class
  - Added `getOrAddSubTask` method to Task class
  - Added optional `recursively` argument to `incrementAttempts` method on Task class
  - Added optional `result` arguments to `succeed` and `success` methods on Task class
  - Changed `fail` and `failure` methods to set new `_error` property
  - Added `freeze` and `isFrozen` methods to Task class
  - Removed unused `copyStateToSlaveTasks` method from Task class
  - Changed static `createMasterTask` method to ensure that slave tasks have same definitions as master task
  - Changed `defaultTaskExecuteFactory` function:
    - To recursively increment the number of attempts on a task's sub-tasks
    - To a static method on Task class
  - Added a static `taskExecuteFactory` method to Task class that defaults to `defaultTaskExecuteFactory`
    and can be changed to use an alternative task execute factory
  - Changed `completeTaskIfStillUnstarted` and `failTaskIfNotRejectedNorFailed` functions:
    - To static methods on Task class
    - To accept an optional `logger` argument
    - To catch and log warnings & errors when state changes are attempted after a task is frozen
  - Minor changes to unit tests to synchronize with code changes
  - Added unit tests for static `createMasterTask` method on Task class
- Updated `core-functions` dependency to version 2.0.3

### 3.0.0
- Changes and fixes to `task-states` module
  - Fixed defect in `Rejected` subclass
  - Changes to TaskState API:
    - Added `incomplete` read-only property
    - Changed `isFinalised` method to `finalisd` read-only property
- Changes and fixes to `tasks` module
  - Fixed defects in `createNewTasksUpdatedFromPriorVersions` function
  - Changes to Task API in `tasks` module:
    - Removed unneeded `attemptIncrements` read-only property
    - Added `incomplete` read-only property
    - Changed `isUnstarted` method to `unstarted` read-only property to match TaskState
    - Changed `isFinalised` method to `finalisd` read-only property to match TaskState
    - Added static `getTasksAndSubTasks` function to Task
    - Added static `forEach` function to Task
  - Added more unit tests
- Changes and fixes to `task-utils` module
  - Fixed defect in `getTasksAndSubTasks` function blocking use of task-likes
  - Added `forEach` function
  - Added more unit tests

### 2.0.0
- Added new `tasks` module
- Added new `task-defs` module
- Added rejection subclasses to `task-states` module 
- Substantial refactoring of `task-states` module
- Major refactoring/rewrite of old `task-utils` code
    - 2.0.0 API is completely different to 1.0.x versions

### 1.0.1
- Fixed incorrect github link in README.md (no code changes)

### 1.0.0
- Initial commit
- Created README.md
- Added tasks and statuses and their unit tests

Commit message:

Release 4.0.8
- Changes to `task-defs` module:
  - Added optional `settings` with `skipAddToParent` option as new 4th
    parameter to `TaskDef` `constructor`
  - Changed constructor behaviour to NOT check for distinct sub-task
    names & to NOT add the sub-task to its parent's sub-tasks when the
    `settings.skipAddToParent` option is passed as true
  - Added new `unusable` property with `get` & `set` accessors and an
    underlying `_unusable` property to `TaskDef` class
- Changes to `tasks` module:
  - Changed `parent` property of `Task` class to be writable &
    configurable
  - Added new `detachSubTask` function to enable a sub-task to be
    detached from its parent task
  - Changed `getOrAddSubTask` function to replace unusable an existing
    sub-task with a usable version & to create a new sub-task, both with
    new sub-task definitions created with `settings.skipAddToParent`
    option set to true
  - Added new `isFullyFinalisedOrUnusable` function
  - Changed `updateFromPriorVersion` function to NOT mark missing
    sub-tasks as `abandoned` and to instead rely on new `unusable`
    properties
  - Added read-only `unusable` property with `get` accessor that delegates
    to its task definition's `unusable` property
  - Changed `createNewTasksUpdatedFromPriorVersions` function to NOT mark
    missing sub-tasks as `abandoned` and to instead reset them and rely on
    new `unusable` properties
  - Changed `reconstructTaskDefsFromRootTaskLike` function to properly
    generate placeholder `doNotExecute` functions (which are also now
    marked with `placeholder` properties set to true) using the new inner
    `generatePlaceholderFunction` function and to mark all reconstructed
    task definitions & sub-task definitions as `unusable`

README.md, after:

# task-utils v4.0.7

Utilities for defining task states, creating task and sub-task definitions, creating tasks (and their sub-tasks) from these definitions and managing tasks on a tasks-by-name map object.

These modules provide a way to attach tasks to objects that can be executed and used to track the state and number of attempts at each task.

Tasks are root/top-level, executable tasks (with a configurable execute function), whereas sub-tasks are internal, non-executable tasks whose states must be managed completely by the execute function of their root task.

Currently includes:
- task-states.js 
  - A TaskState class and its subclasses with static utilities for defining the state of a task or operation.
- task-defs.js 
  - A TaskDef class with static utilities for creating task definitions and sub-task definitions, which can be used to 
    define new executable tasks and non-executable sub-tasks.
- tasks.js 
  - A Task class with static utilities for creating executable tasks and non-executable sub-tasks that can be used to 
    track the state of tasks or operations.
- task-utils.js 
    - Utilities for accessing and managing tasks and sub-tasks stored in a "tasks-by-name" map object

This module is exported as a [Node.js](https://nodejs.org/) module.

## Installation

Using npm:
```bash
$ {sudo -H} npm i -g npm
$ npm i --save task-utils
```

In Node.js:

* To use the task state classes and subclasses
```js
const states = require('task-utils/task-states');

// TaskState constructor
const TaskState = states.TaskState;
// TimeoutError constructor
const TimeoutError = states.TimeoutError;

// TaskState direct subclasses
const Unstarted = states.Unstarted; // rather use TaskState.UNSTARTED singleton
const CompletedState = states.CompletedState;
const TimedOutState = states.TimedOutState;
const FailedState = states.FailedState;
const RejectedState = states.RejectedState;

// CompletedState subclasses
const Completed = states.Completed; // rather use TaskState.COMPLETED singleton
const Succeeded = states.Succeeded; // rather use TaskState.SUCCEEDED singleton

// TimedOutState subclasses
const TimedOut = states.TimedOut;

// FailedState subclasses
const Failed = states.Failed;

// RejectedState subclasses
const Rejected = states.Rejected;
const Discarded = states.Discarded;
const Abandoned = states.Abandoned;

// Example unstarted state
const unstarted = TaskState.UNSTARTED; // or more wasteful: new Unstarted();

// Example completed states
const completed = TaskState.COMPLETED; // or more wasteful: new Completed();
const succeeded = TaskState.SUCCEEDED; // or more wasteful: new Succeeded();

const customCompletedState = new CompletedState('MyCompletedState');

// Example timed out states
const timedOut = new TimedOut();
const timedOut2 = new TimedOut(new Error('My optional error that triggered timeout ...'));

const customTimedOutState = new TimedOutState('MyTimedOutState');
const customTimedOutState2 = new TimedOutState('MyTimedOutState', new TimeoutError('My optional error that triggered timeout ...'));

// Example failure states
const failed = new Failed(new Error('Another error'));

const customFailedState = new FailedState('MyFailedState', new Error('Kaboom'));

// Example rejection states
const rejected = new Rejected('My reason for rejecting', new Error('My optional error that triggered reject ...'));
const discarded = new Discarded('My reason for discarding');
const abandoned = new Abandoned('My reason for abandoning');

const customRejectedState = new RejectedState('MyRejectionState', 'My reason for rejecting', new Error('My optional error'));
```

* To use the task definition class (TaskDef)
```js
const taskDefs = require('task-utils/tasks-defs');
const TaskDef = taskDefs.TaskDef;

// To create a new top-level task definition
const taskADef = TaskDef.defineTask('TaskA', execute);

// ... with 3 sub-task definitions
const subTaskA1Def = taskADef.defineSubTask('SubTaskA1', execute2);
const subTaskDefs = taskADef.defineSubTasks(['SubTaskA2', 'SubTaskA3']);

// ... and with 1 sub-sub-task on SubTaskA1
const subSubTaskA1aDef = subTaskA1Def.defineSubTask('SubSubTaskA1a');
```

* To use the task class (Task)
```js
const Tasks = require('task-utils/tasks');
const Task = Tasks.Task;

// To create a new task (and any & all of its sub-tasks)
// e.g. using task definition taskADef as defined above, this would create a new task (named TaskA) 
// with 3 new sub-tasks (named SubTaskA1, SubTaskA2 & SubTaskA3) under the new task  
// and 1 new sub-sub-task (named SubSubTaskA1a) under sub-task SubTaskA1
const taskA = Task.createTask(taskADef);
```

* To use the task utilities
```js
const taskUtils = require('task-utils/task-utils');

const tasksByName = {}; // or any object to which you are attaching tasks

// To set a task into a tasks-by-name map object
taskUtils.setTask(tasksByName, 'TaskA', taskA);

// To get a task from a tasks-by-name map object
const tA = taskUtils.getTask(tasksByName, 'TaskA');

// To get a sub-task from a tasks-by-name map object
const subTaskA3 = taskUtils.getSubTask(tasksByName, 'TaskA', 'SubTaskA3');

// To get a sub-sub-task from a tasks-by-name map object
const subSubTaskA1a = taskUtils.getSubTask(tasksByName, 'TaskA', ['SubTaskA1', 'SubSubTaskA1a']);

// To get all (top-level) tasks from a tasks-by-name map object
const tasks = taskUtils.getTasks(tasksByName);

// To get all tasks and all of their sub-tasks recursively from a tasks-by-name map object
const tasksAndSubTasks = taskUtils.getTasksAndSubTasks(tasksByName);
```

## Unit tests
This module's unit tests were developed with and must be run with [tape](https://www.npmjs.com/package/tape). The unit tests have been tested on [Node.js v4.3.2](https://nodejs.org/en/blog/release/v4.3.2/).  

Install tape globally if you want to run multiple tests at once:
```bash
$ npm install tape -g
```

Run all unit tests with:
```bash
$ npm test
```
or with tape:
```bash
$ tape test/*.js
```

See the [package source](https://github.com/byron-dupreez/task-utils) for more details.

## Changes

### 4.0.8
- Changes to `task-defs` module:
  - Added optional `settings` with `skipAddToParent` option as new 4th parameter to `TaskDef` `constructor`
  - Changed constructor behaviour to NOT check for distinct sub-task names & to NOT add the sub-task to its parent's 
    sub-tasks when the `settings.skipAddToParent` option is passed as true
  - Added new `unusable` property with `get` & `set` accessors and an underlying `_unusable` property to `TaskDef` class
- Changes to `tasks` module:
  - Changed `parent` property of `Task` class to be writable & configurable
  - Added new `detachSubTask` function to enable a sub-task to be detached from its parent task
  - Changed `getOrAddSubTask` function to replace unusable an existing sub-task with a usable version & to create a new 
    sub-task, both with new sub-task definitions created with `settings.skipAddToParent` option set to true
  - Added new `isFullyFinalisedOrUnusable` function
  - Changed `updateFromPriorVersion` function to NOT mark missing sub-tasks as `abandoned` and to instead rely on new 
    `unusable` properties
  - Added read-only `unusable` property with `get` accessor that delegates to its task definition's `unusable` property
  - Changed `createNewTasksUpdatedFromPriorVersions` function to NOT mark missing sub-tasks as `abandoned` and to 
    instead reset them and rely on new `unusable` properties
  - Changed `reconstructTaskDefsFromRootTaskLike` function to properly generate placeholder `doNotExecute` functions 
    (which are also now marked with `placeholder` properties set to true) using the new inner `generatePlaceholderFunction` 
    function and to mark all reconstructed task definitions & sub-task definitions as `unusable`

### 4.0.7
- Changes to `task-defs` and `tasks` modules:
  - Removed restrictions that prevented creation of executable sub-task definitions and sub-tasks
  - Added `start` method to `Task` class
  - Changed `defaultTaskExecuteFactory` function to NOT recursively increment & update last executed at date-times of sub-tasks
  - Moved all typedefs to `type-defs.js`
- Updated `core-functions` dependency to version 2.0.14

### 4.0.6
- Updated `core-functions` dependency to version 2.0.12

### 4.0.5
- Changes to `task-utils.js` module to simplify usage and reduce the number of explicit imports required:
  - Re-exported `TaskState` class and all of its subclasses and `TimeoutError` class from `task-states.js` module
  - Re-exported `TaskDef` class from `task-defs.js` module
  - Re-exported `Task` class from `tasks.js` module
- Updated comments and README.md to improve/fix the definitions of each of the modules
- Changed `main` module from `tasks.js` to `task-utils.js` in `package.json`

### 4.0.4
- Updated `core-functions` dependency to version 2.0.11

### 4.0.3
- Fixed 'ReferenceError: trim is not defined' defect in `TimeoutError` constructor in `task-states.js` module

### 4.0.2
- Changes to `tasks.js` module:
  - Added an optional `overrideTimedOut` argument to the `complete`, `succeed` and `completeAs` methods to enable the 
    caller to decide whether these methods are allowed to override an existing timed out state or not
  - Added an optional `overrideCompleted` argument to the `timeout` and `timeoutAs` methods to enable the caller to 
    decide whether these methods are allowed to override an existing completed state or not

### 4.0.1
- Fixed defect in this `README.md`

### 4.0.0
- Added support for timeouts to `TaskState` and `Task` classes and cleaned-up their APIs
- Changes to `task-states` module:
  - Added a new `TimeoutError` subclass of `Error`
  - Changes to `TaskStateLike` and `TaskState` typedefs:
    - Renamed `code` property to `name`
    - Added new `timedOut` property
  - Changes to `TaskState` class:
    - Renamed `code` property to `name`
    - Changed all properties to private properties with underscore-prefixed names and with public `get` property accessors 
      with their original names, e.g. old `completed` property was renamed to `_completed` with a `get completed()` accessor 
    - Added a new private `_timedOut` property with a public `get timedOut()` accessor
    - Added a `toJSON` method to output the private, underscore-prefixed properties with their public property names
    - Removed `isSuccess`, `isFailure` and `isRejection` methods
    - Changed `TaskState` constructor to accept a new `timedOut` argument
    - Renamed `Success` subclass to `CompletedState`
    - Added a new `Completed` subclass of the `CompletedState` class
    - Added a new `TimedOutState` subclass 
    - Added a new `TimedOut` subclass of the `TimedOutState` class
    - Renamed `Failure` subclass to `FailedState`
    - Renamed `Rejection` subclass to `RejectedState`
    - Added a new singleton `Completed` state instance as static `COMPLETED` property
    - Added new `COMPLETED_NAME` and `TIMED_OUT_NAME` static constant properties for new state names
- Changes to `tasks` module:
  - Added new get `timedOut` property
  - Removed `isSuccess` and `isFailure` methods
  - Added new `complete`, `timeout`, `timeoutAs` and `rejectAs` methods
  - Renamed `success` method to `completeAs`
  - Renamed `failure` method to `failAs`
  - Added new optional `recursively` argument to `complete`, `succeed`, `completeAs`, `timeout`, `timeoutAs`, `fail`, 
   `failAs` and `rejectedAs` methods
- Updated `core-functions` dependency to version 2.0.10

### 3.0.5
- Updated `core-functions` dependency to version 2.0.9

### 3.0.4
- Updated `core-functions` dependency to version 2.0.8

### 3.0.3
- Updated `core-functions` dependency to version 2.0.7
- Updated `tape` dependency to 4.6.3

### 3.0.2
- Changes to `tasks.js` module:
  - Changed logic to support tracking the last executed at date-time on a task and task-like
  - Added `_lastExecutedAt` property and `lastExecutedAt` getter
  - Added `updateLastExecutedAt` function to update the last executed at date-time on a task and on its sub-tasks (if 
    recursively is true) and on its slave tasks (if its a master task)

### 3.0.1
- Changes to `tasks.js` module:
  - Renamed `wrapExecuteTask` function to `defaultTaskExecuteFactory`
  - Added `_frozen` and `_error` properties to Task class
  - Added get `error` method to Task class
  - Added `getOrAddSubTask` method to Task class
  - Added optional `recursively` argument to `incrementAttempts` method on Task class
  - Added optional `result` arguments to `succeed` and `success` methods on Task class
  - Changed `fail` and `failure` methods to set new `_error` property
  - Added `freeze` and `isFrozen` methods to Task class
  - Removed unused `copyStateToSlaveTasks` method from Task class
  - Changed static `createMasterTask` method to ensure that slave tasks have same definitions as master task
  - Changed `defaultTaskExecuteFactory` function:
    - To recursively increment the number of attempts on a task's sub-tasks
    - To a static method on Task class
  - Added a static `taskExecuteFactory` method to Task class that defaults to `defaultTaskExecuteFactory`
    and can be changed to use an alternative task execute factory
  - Changed `completeTaskIfStillUnstarted` and `failTaskIfNotRejectedNorFailed` functions:
    - To static methods on Task class
    - To accept an optional `logger` argument
    - To catch and log warnings & errors when state changes are attempted after a task is frozen
  - Minor changes to unit tests to synchronize with code changes
  - Added unit tests for static `createMasterTask` method on Task class
- Updated `core-functions` dependency to version 2.0.3

### 3.0.0
- Changes and fixes to `task-states` module
  - Fixed defect in `Rejected` subclass
  - Changes to TaskState API:
    - Added `incomplete` read-only property
    - Changed `isFinalised` method to `finalisd` read-only property
- Changes and fixes to `tasks` module
  - Fixed defects in `createNewTasksUpdatedFromPriorVersions` function
  - Changes to Task API in `tasks` module:
    - Removed unneeded `attemptIncrements` read-only property
    - Added `incomplete` read-only property
    - Changed `isUnstarted` method to `unstarted` read-only property to match TaskState
    - Changed `isFinalised` method to `finalisd` read-only property to match TaskState
    - Added static `getTasksAndSubTasks` function to Task
    - Added static `forEach` function to Task
  - Added more unit tests
- Changes and fixes to `task-utils` module
  - Fixed defect in `getTasksAndSubTasks` function blocking use of task-likes
  - Added `forEach` function
  - Added more unit tests

### 2.0.0
- Added new `tasks` module
- Added new `task-defs` module
- Added rejection subclasses to `task-states` module 
- Substantial refactoring of `task-states` module
- Major refactoring/rewrite of old `task-utils` code
    - 2.0.0 API is completely different to 1.0.x versions

### 1.0.1
- Fixed incorrect github link in README.md (no code changes)

### 1.0.0
- Initial commit
- Created README.md
- Added tasks and statuses and their unit tests
